'\" et
.TH 42SH "1" 2020 "EPITA/ING1" "IN LOCKDOWN Programmer's Manual"
.\"
.SH NAME
42sh
\(em shell 42, EPITA's command language interpreter
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B 42sh
[options]
[command_string | file]
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.IR 42sh
utility is a command language interpreter that shall execute commands
read from a command line string, the standard input, or a specified
file. The application shall ensure that the commands to be executed are
expressed in the language described in
.IR "Chapter 2" ", " "Shell Command Language".
.SH OPTIONS
\fB42sh\fR
interprets the following options when it is invoked:
.PP
.PD 0
.TP 10
.B \-c
If the
.B \-c
option is present, then commands are read from the first non-option argument
.IR command_string .
If there are arguments after the
.IR command_string ,
the first argument is assigned to
.B $0
and any remaining arguments are assigned to the positional parameters.
The assignment to
.B $0
sets the name of the shell, which is used in warning and error messages.
.TP
.B [\-+]O [\fIshopt_option\fP]
\fIshopt_option\fP is one of the shell options accepted by the
\fBshopt\fP builtin.
If \fIshopt_option\fP is present, \fB\-O\fP sets the value of that option;
\fB+O\fP unsets it.
If \fIshopt_option\fP is not supplied, the names and values of the shell
options accepted by \fBshopt\fP are printed on the standard output.
If the invocation option is \fB+O\fP, the output is displayed in a format
that may be reused as input.
.\"
.PD
.SH AUTHORS
.B Thien Phuoc Le Ngoc
.br
thien-phuoc.le-ngoc@epita.fr
.PP
.B Yassin Bouhassoun
.br
yassin.bouhassoun@epita.fr
.PP
.B Luu Hoang Long Vo
.br
luu-hoang-long.vo@epita.fr
.PP
.B Thibaud Deleon
.br
thibaud.deleon@epita.fr
.SH "FUTURE DIRECTIONS"
None.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.IR "\fIsh\fR\^",
.IR "\fIbash\fR\^",
.IR "\fIscsh\fR\^",
.IR "\fIpsh\fR\^",
.IR "\fIksh\fR\^",
.IR "\fIpdksh\fR\^",
.IR "\fImksh\fR\^",
.IR "\fIash\fR\^",
.IR "\fIdash\fR\^",
.IR "\fIrc\fR\^",
.IR "\fIes\fR\^",
.IR "\fIcsh\fR\^",
.IR "\fItcsh\fR\^",
.IR "\fIzsh\fR\^",
.P
.\"
.PP
To report any typographical or formatting errors that appear
in this page, see /dev/null .

